## other
config.ntp.enabled on
config.ntp.servers.server1.address 172.30.20.4
config.ntp.servers.server1.key_id 0
config.ntp.servers.server2.address 172.30.20.5
config.ntp.servers.server2.key_id 0
config.ntp.servers.total 2

## Interfaces
config.interfaces.wan.address 172.30.24.13
config.interfaces.wan.gateway 172.30.31.254
config.interfaces.wan.media Auto
config.interfaces.wan.mode static
config.interfaces.wan.netmask 255.255.248.0
config.interfaces.wan.dns1 172.30.20.2
config.interfaces.wan.dns2 172.30.20.3
config.wan.services.https.enabled on
config.wan.services.lldp.enabled on
config.wan.services.modified true
config.wan.services.ping.enabled on
config.wan.services.rfc2217_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.snmp.enabled on
config.wan.services.ssh.enabled on
config.wan.services.ssh_ports.enabled on
config.wan.services.tcp_ports.enabled on

config.interfaces.lan.address 172.30.24.14
config.interfaces.lan.gateway 172.30.31.254
config.interfaces.lan.media Auto
config.interfaces.lan.mode static
config.interfaces.lan.netmask 255.255.248.0
config.interfaces.lan.device.type marvell
config.interfaces.lan.dns1 172.30.20.2
config.interfaces.lan.dns2 172.30.20.3
config.lan.services.https.enabled on
config.lan.services.lldp.enabled on
config.lan.services.modified true
config.lan.services.ping.enabled on
config.lan.services.rfc2217_ports.enabled on
config.lan.services.snmp.enabled on
config.lan.services.ssh.enabled on
config.lan.services.ssh_ports.enabled on
config.lan.services.tcp_ports.enabled on


# Disable service on unused interfaces

config.vpn.services.modified true
config.dialin.services.modified true
config.dialout.services.modified true

## console ports

config.ports.port1.charsize 8
config.ports.port1.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port1.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port1.label edge1
config.ports.port1.loglevel 0
config.ports.port1.mode portmanager
config.ports.port1.parity None
config.ports.port1.pinout X2
config.ports.port1.protocol RS232
config.ports.port1.speed 9600
config.ports.port1.ssh on
config.ports.port1.stop 1
config.ports.port1.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port1.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port1.terminal vt220
config.ports.port1.webshell on

config.ports.port2.charsize 8
config.ports.port2.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port2.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port2.label s-spine1
config.ports.port2.loglevel 0
config.ports.port2.mode portmanager
config.ports.port2.parity None
config.ports.port2.pinout X2
config.ports.port2.protocol RS232
config.ports.port2.speed 9600
config.ports.port2.ssh on
config.ports.port2.stop 1
config.ports.port2.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port2.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port2.terminal vt220
config.ports.port2.webshell on

config.ports.port3.charsize 8
config.ports.port3.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port3.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port3.label to1-ap1
config.ports.port3.loglevel 0
config.ports.port3.mode portmanager
config.ports.port3.parity None
config.ports.port3.pinout X2
config.ports.port3.protocol RS232
config.ports.port3.speed 9600
config.ports.port3.ssh on
config.ports.port3.stop 1
config.ports.port3.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port3.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port3.terminal vt220
config.ports.port3.webshell on

config.ports.port4.charsize 8
config.ports.port4.dtrmode alwayson
config.ports.port4.flowcontrol None
config.ports.port4.label ob1-n1
config.ports.port4.loglevel 0
config.ports.port4.mode portmanager
config.ports.port4.parity None
config.ports.port4.pinout X2
config.ports.port4.protocol RS232
config.ports.port4.speed 9600
config.ports.port4.ssh on
config.ports.port4.stop 1
config.ports.port4.syslog.facility Default
config.ports.port4.syslog.priority Default
config.ports.port4.terminal vt220
config.ports.port4.webshell on

## server services 

config.services.http.enabled on
config.services.https.enabled on
config.services.lldp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.enabled on
config.services.snmp.protocol UDP
config.services.snmp.roauthprotocol SHA
config.services.snmp.rocommunity 67dskf8fds78fdn
config.services.snmp.roprivprotocol DES
config.services.snmp.syscontact someone@example.com
config.services.snmp.syslocation San Francisco, US
config.services.ssh.enabled on
config.services.telnet.enabled off


## global system

config.system.name con1-n1.ussfo03.blade-group.net
config.system.timezone UTC


## user
config.users.user1.description Root User
config.users.user1.username root
config.users.user1.password $1$...........
config.users.total 1
